[ADD] Referrals: new rewards doc (#9615)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/referrals/rewards.rst

=======
Rewards
=======

After employees have successfully earned referral points, they can exchange their points by
purchasing rewards in Odoo's *Referrals* application. Rewards **must** be :ref:`created and
configured <referrals/create>` before employees can :ref:`redeem points for rewards
<referrals/redeem>`.

.. _referrals/create:

Create rewards
==============

> Rewards are the only configurations needed when setting up the *Referrals* application. Only users
> with :guilabel:`Administrator` rights for the *Recruitment* application can create or modify
> rewards. To add rewards, navigate to :menuselection:`Referrals app --> Configuration --> Rewards`.
> Click :guilabel:`New`, and a reward form loads. Enter the following information on the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rewards are the only configurations needed when setting up the *Referrals* application.

Only users with :guilabel:`Administrator` rights for the *Recruitment* application can create or
modify rewards.

To add rewards, navigate to :menuselection:`Referrals app --> Configuration --> Rewards`. Click
:guilabel:`New`, and a reward form loads. Enter the following information on the form:
```
SUGGESTION to break up this otherwise "lengthy" paragraph to make it a bit more digestible to the reader.

- :guilabel:`Product Name`: enter the name as it should appear for the reward.
- :guilabel:`Cost`: enter the amount of points required to redeem the reward.
- :guilabel:`Company`: using the drop-down menu, select the company the reward appears for. If a
  reward should be used for several companies, each company needs to have a record of the reward,

>   with the company listed on the form. This field **only** appears if in a multi-company

Reviewer: Just to make sure I'm understanding the explanation... does this mean if a reward should be used for several companies, there needs to a specific (separate) reward form for each company it will be applied to? If so, perhaps, it would be beneficial to consider slightly rewording this explanation to clarify that -- at the moment, it's a bit unclear how "each company needs to have a record of the reward..."

Just something to consider during your revisions...

Author: Ahh, OK I see that. But yes, so if there are 3 companies, and they each have a $25 Amazon gift card reward, you will need to create 3 separate $25 Amazon Gift Card Entries, one for each company. I will reword!

  environment.

> - :guilabel:`Gift Responsible`: select the person responsible for procuring and delivering the
>   reward to the recipient, using the drop-down menu. This person is alerted when the reward is
>   bought in the *Referrals* application, so they know when to deliver the reward to the recipient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Gift Responsible`: using the drop-down menu, select the person responsible for
  procuring and delivering the reward to the recipient. This person is alerted when the reward is
  bought in the *Referrals* application, so they know when to deliver the reward to the recipient.
```
OPTIONAL reworking of the sentence structure to enhance the flow a bit

> - :guilabel:`Description`: type in the description for the reward. This is visible on the reward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Description` tab: type in the description for the reward. This is visible on the reward
```
just to clarify that it's a tab, not a field...

  card, beneath the title.
- :guilabel:`Photo`: add a photo of the reward, which appears on the rewards page. Hover over the
  image square, and a :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon appears. Click the
  :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon, and a file explorer appears. Navigate to the photo
  file, then click :guilabel:`Open` to select it. Once a photo is selected, hovering over the image
  reveals two icons instead of one: a :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon and a
  :icon:`fa-trash-o` :guilabel:`(trash can)` icon. Click the :icon:`fa-trash-o` :guilabel:`(trash

>   can)` icon to delete the currently selected image.

Reviewer: couple things here...

...and these are purely SUGGESTIONS...

- you may want to consider placing this explanation *before* the 'Description' tab, as it appears alongside the other fields at the top of the form
- perhaps, instead of 'image square' some more descriptive language could be used here to visually describe what it looks like (camera icon and plus sign icon, or something along those lines)
- While I fully appreciate the attention to detail here explaining how to upload an image, there may be a more succinct way to explaining it. For instance, I'm sure it's necessary to explain the appearance of two icons after its uploaded, and what they do...we may be able to assume the reader/user would understand what would happen if they clicked the 'trash can' icon, as that is, usually, a pretty universal icon...

Again, these are just SUGGESTIONS to consider during your revision 👍

The only required fields are the :guilabel:`Product Name`, :guilabel:`Company` (if applicable), and

> :guilabel:`Description`.

Reviewer: SUGGESTION: I think this information may be best suited *at the end* of field explanation. Possibly with a "This is a **required** field" type of sentence.

.. image:: rewards/rewards.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A filled out reward form with all details entered.

.. important::
   It is advised to enter a :guilabel:`Cost` and add a :guilabel:`Photo`. If a cost is not entered,

>    the default cost will be listed as zero, which would list the reward as free in the reward shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the default cost is listed as zero, which would list the reward as free in the reward shop.
```

>    If a photo is not selected, a placeholder icon will be displayed on the rewards page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a photo is not selected, a placeholder icon is displayed on the rewards page.
```

.. _referrals/redeem:

Redeem rewards
==============

> To redeem points for a reward, click the :guilabel:`Rewards` button on the main Referrals dashboard.

Author: I think GUI- I keep getting dinged on that when it's a dashboard vs the real name, so I will use GUI since I feel that's what it ususally gets changed to =D

> To redeem points for a reward, click the :guilabel:`Rewards` button on the main
> :guilabel:`Referrals` dashboard. All the configured rewards are listed in individual reward cards.
> The points required to purchase the reward is listed in the top-right corner of the card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to redeem a reward, points must be earned. These points can then be used to purchase a
reward.

To earn points for a reward, click the :guilabel:`Rewards` button on the main :guilabel:`Referrals`
dashboard. All the configured rewards are listed in individual reward cards.

The required point amount needed to purchase a reward is listed in the top-right corner of the card.
```
SUGGESTION: just some added clarification and broke up the paragraph a touch.

If the user has enough points to purchase a reward, a :icon:`fa-shopping-basket` :guilabel:`Buy`
button appears at the bottom of the reward card. If they do not have enough points for a reward, the

> reward card displays :guilabel:`You need another (x) points to buy this` instead of a buy button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reward card displays :guilabel:`You need another (x) points to buy this`, instead of a :icon:`fa-shopping-basket` :guilabel:`Buy` button.
```
added necessary GUI/icon to the Buy button mention at the end of the sentence

SUGGESTION: comma for enhanced sentence clarity

Click the :icon:`fa-shopping-basket` :guilabel:`Buy` button on a reward to purchase it. A
:guilabel:`Confirmation` pop-up window appears, asking if the user is sure they want to purchase the

> reward. Click :guilabel:`OK` to purchase the item, or :guilabel:`Cancel` to close the window and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reward. Click :guilabel:`OK` to purchase the item, or :guilabel:`Cancel` to close the window, and
```
SUGGESTION: comma for enhanced sentence clarity
